Update to v22.1 (#30)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-core-richedit-customize-ribbon-ui-in-angular-app: JS/README.md

# RicheditHowToCustomizeBuiltInRibbon

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.1.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

> Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

Reviewer: Karma is a testing platform, is it not? As before with "via" -- no exceptions can be made here: https://tw.devexpress.devx/language-guidelines/misused-words/via/

```suggestion
Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests on [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).
```

> Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests on [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run `ng test` to execute unit tests on [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).
```

## Running end-to-end tests

> Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

Reviewer: No exceptions:

https://tw.devexpress.devx/language-guidelines/misused-words/via/

> capabilities

Sounds like a clericalism to me.

> execute **the** end-to-end tests

The definite article places extra emphasis on these end-to-end tests because we are not referring to an earlier introduction here. Therefore, no article is necessary.

```suggestion
Run `ng e2e` to execute end-to-end tests on a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements the end-to-end testing functionality.
```

Author: This Readme file was generated by Angular automatically when I created an Angular project. Maybe we could leave it as it is?

Reviewer: Does it mean that if we change this line, it will change back on the next update?

Author: No, it will not change back on the next update. It's just not our learning material, but we can improve it.

Reviewer: OK. I'll let you decide what to do with automatically generated text. Either way, I proposed my changes -- you can either apply or discard them. Or come up with something better instead.

## Further help

> To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get more help on the Angular CLI, use `ng help` or check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
```
